CASMCMS-9329: Added cfs components updatemany option (#5841)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: operations/boot_orchestration/Stage_Changes_with_BOS.md

1. (`ncn-mw#`) Disable the [Configuration Framework Service (CFS)](../../glossary.md#configuration-framework-service-cfs)
   for all nodes receiving the staged configuration. Nodes will automatically re-enable configuration when they are rebooted and will be configured with any staged changes.

>   

Reviewer: The lint doesn't like lines with just whitespace. It'll probably fail on this.

```suggestion

```

    ```bash
    cray cfs v3 components updatemany --filter-ids <xname1>,<xname2>,... --enabled false
    ```

>     --filter-ids Filter by component IDs. A comma-separated list of component IDs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Use the `--filter-ids` argument to specify a comma-separated list of component IDs.
```
